Update note on Hands-on training (#259)
nextflow-io/training: docs/index.md

    !!! quote inline end ""

>         :material-alert: This material is not taught as frequently as the other courses, but if you're looking for a more hands-on approach with very little theory, this is the right course for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :material-run-fast: This course is quite short and hands-on, great if you're looking for a Nextflow refresher.
```
